[DOCS-10618] Mobile App Testing: new device locations and supported devices (#28768)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/synthetics/mobile_app_testing/mobile_app_tests/steps.md

{{< img src="mobile_app_testing/test_steps/subtest_preview_steps_click.png" alt="Selecting a subtest shows a preview of the steps" style="width:60%" >}}

## Variables

{{% synthetics-variables %}}

> **Note**: If your subtest contains variables, they are inherited by the test you import them into. 

Reviewer: I wasn't sure what was inherited and what was imported, but correct me if my interpretation is wrong

```suggestion
**Note**: When you import a subtest into another test, any variables defined in the subtest are inherited by the main test.
```

To override these variables, create a variable in your parent test with the name as the variables within your subtest. 

### Use global variables

> You can use the [global variables defined in **Settings**][4] in the **Advanced Options** of your mobile app test details, as well as in your test recording to define local variables. To display a list of available variables, type `{{` in the desired field.

Reviewer: Optional suggestions, from a user perspective, view might be more accurate than display?

```suggestion
You can use the [global variables defined in **Settings**][4] in the **Advanced Options** of your mobile app test details, as well as in your test recording to define local variables. To view a list of available variables, type `{{` in the desired field.
```

> Define the variables you want to incorporate into the user journey before you start recording.
> 
> You can inject the variables available to you while recording. 

Reviewer: Optional suggestion

```suggestion
Make sure to define the variables you want to use in the user journey before you start recording.

You can inject available variables directly into the test steps while recording.
```
